 Starting arh, God make the sky and the ground. The ground bo shape, bo simi; then the deep on top is orr-orr one. Then the Spirit of God float at the water on top.

 Then God say, “On light leh”; then got light. Then God see the light is tok kong lah; then God make the light and dark kena separated. God say the light is Day, then dark He say is Night. Got evening, got morning, so first day.

 Then God say, “All the water in between must have dua lobang, so then the dua lobang can separate some water and other water.” So God made the dua lobang, then divide the downstair water from the upstair water; like that lor. Then God say the dua lobang is Heaven. Got evening, got morning, so second day.

 Then God say, “All the zhui under the sky must go one place, then the dry land can come out”; then like that lor. Then God say the dry land is Earth, then all the water is call Ocean. Then God see it is hor seh.

 Then God say, “the earth must got chao, herb also put out seed, and fruit tree must have the fruit come out sama sama, the seed some more hor inside one, on the earth”; and so like that lor. And so earth now got chao, herb also put out seed like its kind, and the tree put fruit, the seed inside one like its kind. And God see it was hor ah. So evening and morning, third day liao.

 Then God say, “The sky hor shine light must different at night and day; and must signal and got seasons, and got days and got years; and like lights in the sky give the light to the earth”. Then God made two maxi lights: the more kiang light rule the day lah, and the not so kiang light rule the night lor. The stars also He make one. God put them in the lobang of the heavens to shine light on earth, and to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw it was power. So evening, morning, fourth day.

 Then God say, “Let the water inside jin zui all kind of living thing, and let birds fly in the sky.” So God created jin dua jiak sea creatures and every living thing that eh sai move one, with which the waters wu yi lang, according to their kind, and every winged bird according to its kind. And God saw it was hor seh. And God blessed them, saying, “Multiply zueh zueh, and fill all the ocean, and let birds multiply on the earth.” So evening and morning, fifth day lor.

 Then God say, “Let earth arh bring the living creature look like that: then the cattle and creeping thing plus earth the beast, also like that”; and then liddat lor. And God made the beast of the earth like this, cattle like that, and hum pah lang that creeps on the earth like its kind. And God saw that it was jin jia ho.

 Then God say, “I make lang look like wa nang; let them mm tim over the sea der ikan, over air der bird, and oso the cattle, over all the earth and creep on earth der hum pa lang.” So God make lang look like him; in the image of God He make der; tah po and char bo He make der. Then God bless , then tell them, “Be fruitful and seng zui zui kia; fill the earth and subdue it; have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the bird bird in the air, and over every living thing that moves on the earth.”

 Then God say, “See arh, wa give you every herb that bukka seed which is on the face of all the earth, and every tree whose fruit yields seed; you go and eat ah. Also, to every beast of the earth, to every bird bird of the air, and to everything that creeps on the earth, in which there is life, I also already give them green herb to eat”; then liddat lor. Then God saw everything that He make already, and indeed it was steady pom pi pi. So the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
 And then hor after that the heaven and earth finish liao, very big project lor.  Finally on the seventh day God's work zoh wan already, so He lim kopi and kiao kar on the seventh day.  And then after that God blessed the seventh day, now very holy lah. because he rested from all the work he do ma.

Adam and Eve
 This is the story of the dua lobang and the earth when they were created, when God made the earth and the dua lobang.

 Now bo cao come out on the earth and qiu zang haven come out yet, for the Lord God haven lor hor on the earth and no one do work,  but water come out of the tor ka and cover ebbrything.  Then the Lord God formed a man from the dust of the tor ka and breathed into his pi kang the breath of life, and then he become alive.

 Now, hor, the Lord God had oreddy plant one garden in the east, in Eden; and there he put the man he had formed.  The Lord God made all kind of mother-father-son tree grow out of the ground—trees that were jin sui and got jin hor jiak eh mi kia. In the middle of the garden were the tree of life and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.

 Got one river watering the garden that flow from Eden; from there it become split into four river.  First one is call Pishon; that one goes through the whole place Havilah, where got gold. The gold there very zai. Got nice smelling resin and onyx stone also.  Second river call Gihon; it goes around the whole place called Cush.  Third one is called Tigris; that one go through the east side of Ashur. And the fourth one call Euphrates.

 The Lord God take the man and then put him in the Garden of Eden to work it and take care of it.  And the Lord God tell him, “You want to makan from any tree in the garden, can;  but you must not makan from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, otherwise confirm mati kiao.”

 The Lord God said, “The da por by himself not good. I will make someone to dao ka qiu for him.”

 Now the Lord God make from the ground come out all the wild animals and all the jiao in the sky. He bring to the man to see what he call them; and what the man call them, become their name.  So the man give the name to all the livestock, the jiao in the sky and all the wild animals.

But cannot find someone dao ka qiu for Adam leh.  So the Lord God make him knockout; and while he koon, he took one of the bak kut, then closed up the place with bak.  Then the Lord God made a char bor from the bak kut from the da por, and he bring her to the da por.

 Adam say,

“This is now koot of my koot

and bak of my bak;
she shall be called 'cha bor,'
'cos she was taken out of da por."
 That is why man must siam his lau peh and lau bu, go combine with bor, and they become one bak.

 Adam and his wife bo cheng sa bo cheng kor, and they buay paiseh.

The Temptation and Fall of Man
 (Now the cunning snake, more cunning than the rest God ever make.) And he say to the woman, "God really say you cannot eat from every tree in the garden meh?"

 Then the woman say to the snake, "He say can eat fruit from the garden tree lah;  but then the fruit from the middle tree, God say, "You cannot eat that one hor, cannot touch also, otherwise confirm die"

 Then the snake say to the woman, "Won't die one lah!  God say like that is becos God know the day you eat from that tree , your eyes sure open, then you become same like God, know good know evil."

 So when the woman saw the tree was good to eat, also steady (swee swee), (and also make you smart), she pluck the fruit and eat lor. She also give to her husband and he also eat.  (Then their eyes both open, and they knew that they naked; and they sew fig leaves together and make themselves some clothes.)

 Then they hear the sound of the Lord God walk here walk there in the garden in the cool of the day, and Adam and his wife siam from the Lord God among the trees of the garden.

 Then the Lord God call to Adam and ask him “Where you ah?”

 So he said, "I heard Your voice in the garden, then I scared because I naked; I hide lor."

 Then He said, "Who tell you that you naked leh? You eat from the tree I tell you don't eat from isit?"

 Then the man said, "The woman You gave to be with me, she gave me from the tree, then I eat lor."

 Then the Lord God said to the woman, "What you do ah!?"

The woman said, "The snake bluff me, and I eat liao..."

 So the Lord God said to the snake:

"Because you did this,
You kena curse more than all the cattle,
(And more than every beast of the field;
You will crawl on your stomach,
And you will eat dust,
until your whole life finish.
 And I will make you
and the woman become enemy,
(And between your children and her children;
He will use hand wack your head,
And you will use your mouth wack his leg.)" 
 To the  He said:

"I will make alot more pain when you give birth;
In pain you give birth boy and girl;
(Your desire shall be for your husband,
and he will command and in charge of you.”)
 He then tell Adam, "Because you listen to your wife, and eat from the tree that I tell you 'don't eat from this and you eat':

("Cursed is the ground for your sake;)
In dust you shall eat of it all the day of your life.
( Both thorns and thistles shall produce to you,
And you shall eat the herb of the field.
If you want to eat  you must work until sweat jialat jialat.
until you "up lorry!",
For out of it you kena pluck;
For dust you are,
And to dust you confirm plus chop will go back.”)
 Then Adam called his wife’s name Eve, because she was the mother of all living creatures.

 Also for Adam and his wife the Lord God made tunics of skin, and give them cloth to wear.

 Then the Lord God said, "See lah, the man go become like one of Us, also know good and evil. And now, if later he go put out his hand and eat from the tree of life, and live forever..jialat...” —  therefore the Lord God sent him out of the garden of Eden to till the ground from which he was taken.  So He kick out the man; and He put angel in front of the garden of Eden, and a flaming sword that turn left turn right, to block the way to the tree of life, in case Adam  come back.

 Last time Uz got one man called Job. This guy everything do damn swee one, never bluff or cheat people, very respect the Xin, stay away from pai kia that kind. This man so swee until got ten chew-ren, seven ta-por three cha-bor. Some more, he so swee until got k kambing, k desert cow or camel, k of kerbau,  chabor donkey, and as if not enough his family, servants, whole house all damn alot until the whole East side also know he is damn tok kong.

 And then ah when his sons they at home throw big dinner, when it come to their turn will jio the three sister go and makan with them. They eat finish, drink finish, mabok finish liao, papa Job will call them to say the blessing until they all clean clean, and then in the morning he wake up extra early go and burnt the offering to the God, each son each daughter is one times offering. This is because Job say "sekali my sons all not as swee and tok kong as me, got do bad thing, behind the God back got say bad thing about Him" so Job say better pray for them in case. So he whole day whole night also pray to the Xin for them.

 Okay, then got one day, God all the ka-ki, ka-kia, the Tang-Ki all go and bai nian God, but then the chao Satan kaypoh kaypoh go also. The God say to the chao Satan, "Eh you come from where one?" So the Satan answer him, "I jalan from the earth one side to the other side, jalan here, jalan there, jalan until come here lor."

 And then the God ask Satan, "Eh you got hear before my lao cheow, his name Job, wah I tell you the whole world also don't have this kind of man so swee, never bluff or cheat people, very respect me the God, stay away from pai kia that kind. Got hear not?"

 So the chao Satan answer the God, "He so respect you for what? You for so long jaga him, jaga his family, jaga his kambing, kerbau, jaga his left side right side? Everything he do you also got bless, until the whole East side also got his property. Eh I bet with you lah, if now hor you go and touch his things, I tell you he confirm scold all the bad word at You!"

 So the God say to the chao Satan, "Okay lah, on! All his things, now I give you to control; but only got one condition is you make sure he himself don't kena anything from you." So Satan chabok.

 So got one day when Job the children have dinner party at Job the twa kia house, got one messenger come and say to Job, "Wah lau just now when your kerbau working in the padi and the donkey makan next to them, suddenly the chao Sabean people appear and raid the padi and kapoh your kerbau and donkey, wah sei they also tekan your servants with their parang; I damn heng escape to let you know!"

 And then that messenger haven't say finish yet, another one come and say, "Wah God from the heaven upstairs send down the fire and panggang all your kambing and your servants until chao tah; I damn heng escape to let you know!"

 And then that messenger haven't say finish yet, another one come and say, "The chao Chaldeans form three gangs, raid your camel and kapoh them! Hannorh! They also tekan your servants with their parang; I damn heng escape to let you know!"

 And then that messenger also haven't say finish yet, another one come and say, "Job ah! Your children they all makan in your twa kia house, then suddenly got one big wind come from don't know where and kena your house left side right side, and then the whole house picak and fall on your children, and they si liao; I damn heng escape to let you know!"

 And then Job stand up. He tear his clothes, shave botak; and then he koon on the floor and pray to the God. He say:

"I born that time got no clothes, next time go back inside also no clothes. Sama-sama lah, when the God give the things, the God also can take things away; God the name be blessed."

 During the whole thing, never got once Job say bad thing about the God. Tok Kong.

 The Lord my shepherd one; I simi also don't lack.

 He make me lie down on the padang; He bring me beside the zui.

 He make my soul damn power; He bring me walk the jin tok kong road because His mia jin zai.

 Ya, even I walk the qi orr-orr valley, orr orr place, see scary shadow, I also mian kia. For tao kay wif me. Taokay the walking stick and the cane protect me mah.

 You put the table for me in front of those dun friend me one; You put the oil on my head; My cup spill already

 Confirm got goodness and mercy follow me everyday sia. And I will stay in my laopeh house long long.

 This one is cher words, King David’s da bor kia, rule Jerusalem one.

Simi Ma Meaningless
 “Simi ma bo meaning,” says the Teacher, “long zhong bo meaning!”

 Work so hard for what?  I come you go, you come I go, earth also still the same.  Sun rises, sun sets, then chiong go back rise again.  The wind here blow there like blow wind blow. Blow round round go circle.  Rivers go inside the sea, the sea also lao zui, forever not full one. Then the water go back to the river then come out again to the sea go here go there.  Everything also sian until bo wei gong. See so much also buay song. Wear how much also buay gao.

 Last time thing also happen again and again. All happen before already la! Under the sun one got nothing new.  Sometimes people say, “Eh here got new thing!” But actually is old one; bo meng gia is really new la.  Last time what happen also we buay gi, next time people also buay gi what we do.

Cher Gong Wei: Wisdom also Sian
 I, the cher, was king of Israel, I stay Jerusalem.  I chiong sua search for understanding, explore by wisdom long zhong things being done below the sky. Very fast I see God make until we very poor thing.  Everything going on below the sky also I see, and really la, liap bo giu one—like chasing wind liddat.

 What thing do wrong cannot make correct.     What thing yi lang cannot find back.
 Then I say to myself, “Li kua la li kua la; I wiser than all my lau peh and their lau peh and their lau peh the lau peh. I more wise, more kiang than any of them.”  So I chiong to learn everything from wise to siao and gong like sotong. But then I learn chase all this is like chase wind. Kee siao! Got what to catch!?

Make happy oso no use one
 I said in my heart, “Lai, lai, I test you to make got fun or not; so enjoy happy lah”; but sure lah, this also no use one.  I said of laughter—“Siao ah!”; and of fun, “Got do what one ah?”  I look and look in my heart how lim jiu make me happy lah, how my heart be clever one lah, and how to do useless things lah, until can see what good thing people everywhere can do until they die one.

 I make all the thing I do very tua liap, I oso got kee chu, and plant lots of grape lah.  I plant the garden and plant trees all got fruit one leh.  And then I make pond and water the tree to grow big big lah.  I oso got servant, girl oso got, boy oso got, and the servant oso got born in my house one. Yar loh, I got a lot a lot of things lah, got many cow and many goat also I got, more than they all live in Jerusalem before me one lah.  I oso take lah all the money, silver and gold, the special treasures last time belong to the king and from far far away place I oso got. I oso got people sing song for me, girl oso got, boy oso got, people hear they sing song and feel very happy one, oso can play all kind of  musical instrument one, you know or not.

 So I became very tua liap and so grand one, more li hai than they all before me in Jerusalem. And I still oso very very clever one.

  My eye got see and I want, I take lorr. My heart want, I take and then I very happy lorr. I work liao so my heart got very happy; And this one ah, my hard work got give me a lot a lot very nice good thing lah.  Then I look on all the thing that I do one hah, And on the hard work, wah, so much hard work lah; Really ah, all was no use one like chase the wind only, sien only. Work and work until want to pengsan oso got no profit one lah.

The End of the Clever one and the Stupid one'

 Then I see myself and think, got clever or not, got gila or not, got useless or not; The man who come after the king can do what one leh?— Only what other people do oredi.  Then I see clever one got better than useless one, like bright bright better than dark dark one.  The clever man his head got eyes one, But the stupid man is walking in the dark dark one lah. Ai yo, now I know lah The same thing got happen to everyone lah.

 So I kaki kong, “Got happen to stupid people one, Oso got happen to me, And then I got more clever one leh?” Then I said in my heart, “This one hah, oso very useless one lah.”  People never got remember the stupid one and oso people never got remember the clever one lah, Everything now they all will forget one lah. The clever man how he got die? Die just like stupid man lah!

 And then I hate my life, work until can pengsan oso still very sien one because everything is useless one like chase the wind only mah.

 Then I hate all my work, work under the sun until can fainted liao ah, but after that I must give it to that one come after me.  He got clever one or very stupid one I oso dono one? But I make one and I work one like so clever under the sun until can fainted one and then he will get oso. This one ah also very useless one. So I turn to my heart until very keksim one ah because work until can die lai dat still can very sien one hor. Because got a man who work got cincia gao gao one ah; he die oredi still must leave all the thing to other people that never work to get that one lah. This one ah oso very useless one and very very bad one hor.  The man who work until can pengsan lai dat, and his heart got try so hard one ah under the sun, he got what leh?  He still got very sad one lor, work until very sien one ah; at night oso very keksim cannot sleep one. You see lah, all is very useless one.

 A man got nothing better but makan and lim jiu, and work oredi he can enjoy lah. This one oso from the hand of God you know or not.  Simi lang can makan, can enjoy more than I enjoy leh?  God got make a man very clever one, can know a lot of things, can enjoy a lot of things, if God think he is good one; but the very bad one God got make him go and work over here over there until can pengsan lai dat, and then he work liao ah other people that God got think is good can enjoy it mah. This one ah is oso very useless one like try and catch the wind only you know or not.

 "Oi, diam ah, O coastlands, Let the people recharge their battery, Ask them come closer, then let them talk la; Come closer lah. 

 Who raise the one from the east side ah? Who so tua pai call Him stand up ah? Who give him country then make him Tua Tao over kings? Who give them, like the dust on the sword, like the bow cannot shoot arrow?

 Who chase them and let them go by the safe way that their feet cannot walk one leh?

 Who like action only and call everybody from the start and say 'I, the Lord, am the first; and also the last I am He.'"

 The land see already also hum (scared), the world everywhere everybody also hum (scared); they come closer and look look see see.

 Everyone help his friend, and also tell their brudder: "Oi, mian kia lah!" 

 So the carpenter tell the karang guni uncle; He who kena inspired to use the blessed hammer to hit the metal and den say "Eh, can solder liao"; then he will use the kiap to kiap it, so won't fall apart. 

 " Eh, you Israel, my servant, I choose Jacob and Abraham, my friend de chew-ren

 I call you from everywhere and tell you 'You are my servant, I choose you and wun throw you away;

 Mian kia, I am with you; ai zai ah, I am your Xin. I give you power, Ya, I will help you, I confirm support you with My jin tok kong right hand one.'

 "See ah, all those who angry with you will all be paiseh; become like bo taiji and disappear. 

 Look for them also wun find them one - Those who buay song with you. Those who fight you will become like nothing like that. Jin bo simi no need exist lah.

 Cos I, the Lord your Taokay, will hold your right hand, say " Mian kia, I help you.'

 "Mian kia la, you all the kia of Jacob, I help you lah," says the DuaTao, The holy holy one of Israel

 " Look ah, I make you become a grass-cutter, the teeth sharp sharp one; You go hoot the mountain then whack it until become small, and beat the hill until become chui.

 You filter den the strong wind come blow blow everything away; Then you happy lor cos of your Taokay, sing sing happy song to His holy name.

 The word of the Lord last time come to Joel, Pethuel ay kia.

 "Hear ah, you uncles

Listen ah, you all stay here one

Got anything like this happen to you all before or not?

Or last time your ahgong that time?

 Tell your kia

And let them tell their kia

And let the kia also tell their kia

 The locust whole jin gang zhao already

Still got big locust come and eat

Then the big locust eat finish and zhao already

But then still got young locust come and eat

Then the young locust also eat and zhao liao

Then still got other zhapalang locust come and eat

 Mai kun liao la, you all lim jiu eh, and cry until jialat jialat

Cry until jin tua sia, you all drink wine one

Cry loud loud coz got wine somemore is new one

But then also not give you drink one, people take away

 Got nation come and kachao my land orready

Wa power one and no number

The teeth like lion one

And the gigi like zhabor lion one

 It kazhao my vine until so cui

My fig tree they also make until so cui sia

The tree the bark also take and throw away

Until the branch ah left white-white one.

 Mourn until like some virgin wrap herself in sackcloth liddat

When she grieve for her young that time the husband

 The offering ah by right got grain one got drink one

But then now all kena cut off from the house of the Lord

The priests all also mourning like siao

Those who zuo gang for the Lord one

 Whole padang cui liao

The ground dry until crack all over liao

The grain die until cannot die already

The new wine all dry-dry liao

The oil also laokui

 Farmers ah you all also will kena and cry

Cry like siao, you all grow vine one

Grieve for the maipian and the yimi

Because the whole field the crop wa all kena hoot until die like fly

 The vine dry up liao

Fig tree also die liao

What tree ah you tell me, pomegranate tree, palm tree, apper tree,

Padang got what other tree don't matter — all dry up liao

Confirm the happy happy people

Now not happy liao, sian diao already

 Darius got become king nor nee lat guek liao eh, che yit eh see, the LORD got come and tell Haggai the prophet go tell some person name very pai tia one ah, his name Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, he is the Judah tua liap lang, and to Joshua the son of Jehozadak the name oso very pai kong one ah, the high priest, you tell them ah, 

 “The LORD of very great many thing he say: ‘This people ah, they say, “Ah buay tiam sia ah, we kenot kee chu for the LORD’s house.”’” 

 And then the LORD got tell to Haggai the prophet, he say, 

 “Wah! Lu lang kia sui sui chu, tapi leh this temple is still pua pua eh leh?” 

 Now ah, the LORD of very great many thing he say: “You all ah must think about what you do! 

 “You plant a lot liao, and got kiok little bit only; You makan, but still you are not full up ah; You lim jiu, but you all still chui tah eh; You all cheng sah, but still got cold one leh; And that one ah go out and earn money, Earn oredi but still put the money in the bag got holes one ah.” 

 The LORD of very great many thing got say ah: “You all ah must think about what you do! 

 Go and peh sua, kiok cha and kee chu for me, and then I will be very happy and you all can make me be very great lorr,” says the LORD. 

 “You looked for a lot a lot one ah, but you got one ah little bit only; and when you bring home liao ah, I blew it away. Simi leh?” says the LORD of very great many thing. “Because of wa eh chu pua pua liao ah, but you all run to your own house one.

 And then because of that ah, got no rain liao ah, got nothing grow one ah. 

 Because I called for no raining on the land lah, on the mountain lah, on the thing you plant lah and the jiu lah, the yiu lah, on whatever want to grow on the ground lah, on people lah, on the animal they rear lah, and on all the work you all got do one ah.”

 And then Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Joshua the son of Jehozadak, the high priest, the name still very pai tia pai kong eh lah, with all the people that are left ah, they do what the voice of the LORD their God say ah, and what Haggai the prophet tell they all ah, as the LORD their God got tell him oredi; and the people very scared one of the LORD you know or not. 

 And then ah Haggai, he is like the LORD’s telephone lor, he tell the LORD’s message to the people, he say, “I oso with you, says the LORD.” 

 So the LORD make Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, Judah eh tua liap lang, and Joshua the son of Jehozadak, the high priest, and all the left over the people all of them become like very li hai lai dat one ah; and then ah they got work and kee chu for the LORD of very great many thing, their God, 

 on the ji jap see ho when Darius got become king nor nee lat guek liao eh see.

 "So dun follow them. For Lim Peh know what you need even before you open your mouth and ask. So, like this pray lor: "Our upstairs the Papa, your name very the holy.

 Your kingdom come, you want what confirm chop settle, both like your upstairs and over here like your upstairs. Give us our everyday loti. And close one eye our , and we also close one eye other people  us. And dun bring us to what we tempted, but help us zao from evil. For long long Yours is the kingdom and power and glory. Amen.

The Plot Against Jesus

 So finally, when Jesus kong ho say liao, he said to all his disciples, You all oreddy know that after two days got Passover feast, but on that day right, Lim Peh will tio sabo, and kena crucified.

 After this, all the tua kee priest and lau uncle of the people went to the palace of the taukay priest, his mia is Caiaphas, down there they secretly plan to catch Jesus and kill him. "Eh, but cannot do on the actual day of the feast leh," they all say, "if not all the people sure kee siao one."

Jesus Anointed at Bethany

 When Jesus was in Bethany in the house of Simon the Leper (his skin got skin problem one), one auntie come to him with a vase of super expensive perfume, jin gui, jin pang, and pour on his head while he relac jack at the table.

 When all the disciples saw this right, they abit buay song. "Why waste until laidat?" they ask. "This perfume jin gui, jin pang, can sell for alot, then the money use to give to the poor leh." When Jesus found out, he say to them, "Why you come and kaypoh this auntie? She laidat do for me is jin swee one leh. The poor people will always be there one, but I won't be here forever, ok. When she pour the perfume on my body, is to prepare my body for my burial. I din bluff you, everywhere you go when they tell my story, confirm plus chop will got her name inside and also what she did for me."

Judas Sabo Jesus

 Then one of the Twelve, that bugger named Judas Iscariot--he go to the tua kee priests and ask them "If I give you Jesus hor, you can give me what ha? Best offer hor." So they quote him thirty piece of silver. Ever since that day, Judas try and find kang tao to sabo him.

The Last Supper

 On the first day of the Festival of Unleavened Bread (like naan one), the disciples go to Jesus and ask, "Where you want makan for Passover, ah? We masak-masak for you."

 He reply, "Go to the city and find this man and tell him 'Cher say: My time come liao. I am going to celebrate Passover with my disciples at your chu.'" So the disciples do what he say lor.

 Then when night time, Jesus again relac jack at the table with the Twelve Kaki. While they eating, he say, "I din bluff you, one of you will sabo me."

 Then they all damn sad, and one by one come and say "Huh, taukay, is not me right?"

 Jesus replied, "The one who later zim his chew into the bowl same time as me is the one who will sabo me. The Son of Man will go because long ago oreddy got write before that He will go. But the one who sabo the Son of Man, hwah damn jialat! Yi ka ho erm tang chud si ah."

 Then Judas, the actual bao toh kia, said, "'Cher, not me right?". Jesus answered, "You ownself say one hor."

 Then later while they eating, Jesus take the loti, and after he say grace, he tear bit by bit and give to his disciples, while saying, "Lai, jiak; this is my body."

 Then he take one cup, and after he say grace, he give to them and say, "Long zhong lim. This is my blood of the covenant, which is pour for everybody to forgive sin one. I tell you all, I won't drink this again until I can drink with you all in my lau peh's kingdom.”

 When they finish talk cock sing song, they went out to the Mount of Olives.

Jesus Predicts Peter's Denial

 Then Jesus told them, "Tonight you all will leave me because of me, because they got write before: "I will hantam the shepherd, and the sheep will all run like siao."

 But after I come back, I will go to Galilee first."

 Peter reply, "Even other people run because of you, I confirm won't la."

 "I din bluff you," Jesus answer back, "just tonight, even before the rooster kiu kiu kio, you will already pretend you dunno me three times."

 But Peter say, "Even if worst come to worst, I must die with you, I confirm won't do that one." Then all the other disciples copy him.

Gethsemane

 Then Jesus went with his disciples to this place call Gethsemane, and he tell them, "Sit here first, I go down there pray." He bring Peter and the Zebedee's two sons with him go, then later part become very sad. Then he tell them, "Wa sin chin tia, like can die that kind. Company me a bit can."

 After they walk abit, he fall down until his face piak on the floor and pray, "Lau Pa, if can, I dowan to do this. But what I want not important, most important is what you want."

 Then he go back to his disciples and see them all tidoh. "Eh, You all cannot even stay awake with me for one hour ah?" he ask Peter. "Watch and pray, so you won't easily kena tempted. Your head want, but your body cannot make it."

 When he come back again second time, they all tidoh again, because they damn tired. So he ownself go and pray third time, saying the same things.

 Third time he come back, he say to them, "You all still want to kun? Boh see kan liao, Lim Peh going to tio catch by all the pai kias. Kee lai! Go already! The one who sabo me lai liao!"

Jesus Arrested

 While he still talking, Judas, one of the Twelve, suddenly come. Behind him got alot of people all carry parang and tongkat, all sent by the tua kee priests and lau uncle of the people. Now the pao toh kia already prepare secret signal with them: "The one I kiss right, is the correct one; catch that one." The he quickly go to Jesus, Judas say, "Good morning, 'Cher!" and kiss him.

 Jesus reply, "Kawan, you come is for what one?"

Then all the men come in front and catch Jesus and arrest him.  Because of this right, one of Jesus' disciples take his own parang and swing at the servant of the tua kee priest and cut off his ear.

 Keep your parang," Jesus tell him, "anyone who swing parang, one day will die from parang also. You think I cannot call my Lau Peh issit? I ask one time he will send twelve brigade of angel. But then it won't be exactly like what they got write before about me, right?

 Then that hour Jesus tell all of them, "I start war meh? if not why you must send people with so many parang and tongkat just to catch me? Every day I sit in the temple teach things you also never do anything. But anyway, all this the prophet all got write before, so it must be laidat." Then all the disciples just leave him there and run like siao.

Jesus Before the Sanhedrin

 Those who catch Jesus bring him to Caiaphas the taukay priest where all the lawyer and lau uncle already down there. But Peter follow them from behind, even until the courtyard of the taukay priest. He go inside and sit down with the security guards to see what happen.

 All the tua kee priest and the whole Sanhedrin try to find fake evidence against Jesus to make sure he kena death sentence. But they cannot find anything, even though got alot of people want to come and bluff. Finally two people come.

 and say "This guy say, 'I can destroy the Temple of the God and build it back in three days.'"

 Then the taukay priest stand up and say to Jesus, "How come you never say anything? This two people come and say you, is simi mi kia lai eh? But Jesus keep quiet.

 "You ownself say," Jesus reply. "But I say what is this: From now, you will see Lim Peh sit at right hand of the God, from the clouds of heaven."

 Then the taukay priest sibei buay song, tear his shirt and pants, and say "You talk cock! Need some more witness for what? See, now you all hear the blasphemy oreddy. What you all think?". "This kind is must die one," they all answer.

 Then they all pui in his face, and box him with their hand. Other people also got slap him. and say, "Predict leh. Who whack you one?"

Peter Disowns Jesus

 Now Peter was still sitting in the courtyard until one servant girl girl come to him. "Eh, you actually with Jesus at Galilee one," she say.

 But he deny all that in front of everybody. "Li kong simi, I dunno," he said.

 Then he went out to the gate, but got another girl girl servant see him and say to the people down there, "This guy is last time with Jesus of Nazereth one."

 He again deny it, with promise somemore: "No leh, I dunno that guy lah!".

 After a while, those people standing there come to Peter and say, "You confirm one of them lah; your accent so obvious."

 Then he start to kao peh all the bad word come out, and he swore to them, "I dunno I dunno! Everything I also dunno! That guy I don't know him!". Suddenly a rooster kiu kiu kio.

 Then Peter remember what Jesus say: "Even before the rooster kiu kiu kio, you will already pretend you dunno me three times." Then he go outside and cry until damn jialat.

Jesus Kena Handed Over to Pontius Pilate 
 Morning that time, all the tua kee priests and lau uncle of the people pakat together to bao toh Jesus so he will kena executed.  when they tie Him up, they bring Him away to see Pontius Pilate who is the cheng hu lang.

Judas Go Hang Himself 
 Then Judas, the sabo king, realized that because of him Jesus kena condemn, regret until jialat jialat and he bring back the thirty piece of silver to the tua pai priests and lau uncles,  saying, “Alamak, I sinned by saboing innocent blood.”

And they said, “Our problem issit? That one your pasal now!”

 Then he throw silver in the temple and left, then he go hang himself.

 The tua kee priests took the silver pieces and said, “Eh, this money we cannot put back into the treasury cos got people die over it, so is lapsap one.”  So they discuss together and decided to use the money to buy the potter’s field to bury strangers in.  That's why today, that field is call the Field of Blood.

 Then the prediction of the prophet Jeremiah come true - “They take thirty pieces of silver, the value of Him who was priced, the children of Israel priced Him one,  and gave them to buy the potter’s field, as the Lord directed me one.”

Jesus Faces Pilate 
 Now Jesus stood before the cheng hu lang. And the cheng hu lang asked Him, “You are King of the Jews ah?”

Jesus said to him, “Ya, like you say one.”  And the tua kee priests and lau uncle started to sabo him some more, but He stand down there diam diam, dowan to say anything.

 Then Pilate said to Him, “Eh, You got hear all this thing they trying to sabo You with anot?”  But He still stand there diam diam, dowan to defend himself. The cheng hu lang chua tio.

Taking the Place of Barabbas 
 Normally at the cheng hu lang's feast, he let the people choose one prisoner that he himself will pang chan to let go.  And at that time they had one chin pai lang called Barabbas.  So when they gather together, Pilate ask them, “You want me to release who ah? Barabbas, or Jesus who is called Christ?”  Actually he know that they trying to sabo Jesus because they jealous one.

 When he was sitting on the judgment seat, his wife send him message, “this Man innocent one, His daiji don't anyhow kaypoh. Today I kena jin zhuey jialat nightmare cos of Him.”

 But the tua kee priests and lau uncle go make all the people say they want Pilate release Barabbas and kill Jesus.  The cheng hu lang answered them, “You want me to release who?”

The people say, “Barabbas!”

 Pilate said to them, “Then what you want me to do with Jesus who is called Christ?”

They all said to him, “Make Him kena crucified!”

 Then the governor said, “Eh why sia? He got do what bad thing?”

But they shout louder some more, “Make Him kena crucified!”

 When Pilate saw that he cannot win them cos the people all damn du lan and shouting, he took water and wash his hands in front of them, saying, “Not my dai ji anymore. The blood of this just man is your pasal now, not my problem already.”

 And all the people answered and said, “Steady! His blood our pasal and also our children's pasal!”

 Then give Barabbas pang chan; and he sent Jesus to kena scourged and crucified.

The Soldiers Make Fun of Jesus 
 Then the cheng hu lang's soldiers took Jesus into the Praetorium and call the whole unit to join in.  And they stripped Him and put one robe which is ang ang in colour on Him.  They twisted a branch with thorns to make it macam like crown liddat and put it on His head, and they put one tongkat in His right hand. And kneel before Him and make fun of Him, saying, “Hail, King of the Jews!” Then they pui on Him, and took the tongkat and hantam Him on the head.  After they make fun of Him, they took the robe off Him, put back His own clothes, and bring Him to kena crucified.

The King on a Cross 
 When they coming out that time, they found one fella from Cyrene called Simon and they make him carry His cross.  When they reach this place called Golgotha, which is mean, Place of a Skull,  they give Him drink sour wine mix with gall. But after He had tasted it, He don't like, so he dowan to drink.

 Then they crucify Him, and split His clothes between each other by tikam tikam. By that, they make a prophecy come true:

“They split My clothes among them, And for My clothing they play tikam tikam.”

 Then sit down to watch over Him there.  And they put up one big big sign over His head saying the crime of what the people bao toh Him for:

THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.

 Got two pai lang also kena crucified with Him, one on His right side, one on His left side.

 People who passed by shake their head say damn jialat things to Him,  “Eh, you that time say you destroy the temple and build it again in three days right? Save Yourself lah! If You are the Son of God, come down from the cross leh!”

 The tua kee priests also join in and make fun of Him with the scribes and lau uncle,  “He save others; but cannot save Himself. He King of Israel one. If He come down from the cross, then we believe.  He trust God; let Him save Him now if He will have Him; cos He say he Son of God one mah.’”

 Even the pai lang who kena crucified with Him also scold Him the same thing.

Jesus Dies on the Cross 
 From lak tiam until the kau tiam the place become dark dark.  And about kau tiam that time Jesus cried out loud loud, “Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani?” which is mean, “My God, My God, why You pangseh Me?”

 When some people standing there hear that, they say, “He calling for Elijah!”  Suddenly got one of them run to get a sponge, fill it with sour wine and put it on a tongkat to give Jesus drink.

 The other people say, “Eh, mai chup; we see if Elijah come save Him.”

 And Jesus cried out again loud loud and give up His spirit.

 Suddenly, the curtain in the temple kena torn from top to bottom into two; then got earthquake, then the batu all pecah,  and the graves open; and many bodies of the saints who die last time suddenly come back to life;  then they come out of their graves after Jesus come back to life also and go to the holy city where many people see them.

 When the centurion and his kar kia who were guarding Jesus, saw the earthquake and all this things, they suddenly damn hamji and say, “Wah, this Guy was really the Son of God sia!”

 Got many women who followed Jesus from Galilee, ministering to Him, stand far far away see all this,  In their group got Mary Magdalene, got Mary the mother of James and Joses, also got the mother of Zebedee’s sons.

Jesus Buried in Joseph’s Tomb 
 Eventing that time, got one man called Joseph from Arimathea who chin wu lui one and also is Jesus follower come.  He go see Pilate to ask for the body of Jesus. Then Pilate give him.  When Joseph take the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,  and put it in his new tomb which he make out one big big batu. He rolled another big batu in front of the tomb door, then he go away.  Mary Magdalene was there and the other Mary was sitting opposite side of the tomb.

Pilate Sets a Guard 
 Next day, which is after the Day of Preparation, the tua kee priests and Pharisees went to see Pilate,  and said, “Sir, we remember when that deceiver was alive that time, He got say, ‘After three days I will rise.’  So can have security guard for the tomb for three day anot? cos we scared His disciples sekali come by night then steal His body and tell everybody, ‘He has risen from the dead.’ If liddat happen, jin jialat. This lie lagi worse than the first.”

 Pilate said to them, “I give you guard. You also go and make it as secure as possible.”  So they go and made the tomb secure, sealing the stone and put people for guard duty.

He Kee Lai Liao
 After the Sabbath, when the first day of the week just starting that time, Mary Magdalene and another Mary come to see the tomb.  Suddently ah, got dam big earthquake; cos got the angel of the Lord come downstairs from heaven, then he rolled back the batu from the door, and sit on it.  His face bright bright macam like lightning, and his clothes white white macam snow liddat.  When the guards saw him they dam hamji that they shake until macam mampus.

 But the angel say to the women, “Don't scared, I know you finding Jesus who kena crucified.  But He not here oredi; He kee lai liao, like He say that time. Lai, I show you inside where he was laid.  Now you all go tell his kaki that that He kee lai liao, He already going Galilee; you go meet him there, I tell you one.”

 So they come out of the tomb, abit scared but sibei happy, then they quickly run to tell His kaki the news.

The Women Worship the Risen Lord
 So as they were going to tell His kaki that time, suddenly, Jesus met them, then he say, “Rejoice!” So they came and hold His feet and worship Him.  Then Jesus said to them, “Mai kia. Go and tell My kaki nang to go Galilee, they see Me there.”

The Soldiers Kena Bribed
 Now while they were going that time, suddenly some of the guard go to the city to tell the tua kee priests about what happen. They gather together with all the lau uncle to pakat, then after they discuss, they gave a the soldiers a lot of money,  and say, “You tell them ah, ‘His disciples sneak in night to kope Him while we all tidoh.’  If the cheng hu lang find out hor, don't worry, we will angkat bolah him so you won't kena punishment.”  So they take the money and do liddat lor; that's why until today the Jews still believe the story liddat one.

The Great Commission
 Then the eleven kaki go Galilee, down there got one mountain which Jesus choose for them to meet.  When they saw Him, they worshiped Him; but some still dun belief.

 And Jesus come to them and say, “All authority has been given to Me in heaven and on earth.  Go to make disciple from all the country, baptize them in the name of my Lau Peh, Me and the Holy Spirit,  teach them to follow all things that I teach you; I will be with you chin ku ku, even until end of the age.” Amen.

Luke 
Dedication to Theophilus

 Got jin zhui lang want to tell the story of what happen like how last time people also tell us what happen. I also like that lah, some more all the thing that happen wa zai so I write this for you, towkay Theophilus, so you also know what the 'cher teach you.

The Birth of John the Baptist Foretold

 Last time Ah Herod, the taukay of Judea got priest, his mia si Zechariah, he from the Abijah gang; his laobu Ah Elizabeth her peh was Ah Aaron. God hor think they damn solid, follow his instruction law by law. But they all hor, bo kia because Ah Elizabeth buay sai zho baby. Ah Elizabeth and Ah Zechariah jin lao liao.

 When hor, Ah Zechariah his gang doing duty and he is priest before Xin, He kenna arrow by custom to go into temple of the Lord to burn incense. When time come to burn hor, everyone all praypray outside.

 Got angel of the Lord come and Ah Zechariah suddenly chua sai. The angel said, "mian kia, your prayer we hear liao. Your bu will get ta-por, you must call the ta-por John. John will be sibeh tok gong, he come out everyone happy. He simi jiu ma buay sai lim, and he will kenna filled with the Holy Spirit before he come out siah. He will bring back everyone from Israel back to God hor, he also will make all the papa mama look at their kia and make all the paikia become pandai, to make longzhong ready for the Lord."

The Eternal Word (The Word forever one)

 Start hor got the Word there oreddy, the Word was together with God, not only that, the Word was God ah! Starting one He was oreddy with God. All things He make one, dun have Him bo simi made that was made. In Him was life, and the life was the bright-bright of men. And the bright-bright shines in evrywhere orh-orh one, and the brack-brack catch no ball.

John's Witness: The True Light (John's sompa: The True Bright-bright)

 Got tar por God send one, mia si John. This tar por came to witness (like go court sompa dun bluff one) for the Bright-bright, that long zhong might belib through him. He was not the big Bright-bright, but was sent to say good-good of that Bright-bright. That was the true Bright-bright which gives bright-bright to long zhong coming into the world.

 He was in the world, and the world He make one, and the world mm zai Him. He came to His kaki-lang, and His kaki-lang did not resip Him. But as many as resip Him, to them He gave the right (not the lept) to become gin nah of God, to those who belib in His mia: who were born, not of hwee, nor of the will of the fresh, nor of the will of man, but of God.

The Word becomes flesh (The Word become fresh)

 And the Word became fresh (wu ba one) and stay close-close with us, and we glaps His glory (not of Man U), the glory as of the only begotten (means ploduce from bo simi) of the Lao Peh, glace and truth zui zui. John sompa of Him and say loud loud, "This One I last time say one hor, 'He who comes after me is preferred before me, for He was before me.'" And of His full-full one we have all resip, and glace for glace. For the cheng hu give through Moses, but glace and truth came through Jesus Christ. No one eber see God at any time. The only begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Lau Peh, He has declared Him (like when we declare customs one).

 Even if I can kong all kind of wei of the lang and angels, but don't have love, I become macam like brass or cymbals, king-kiang, king-kiang kio.  And even if I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all the chim things and my knowledge jin kiang, and I got all faith until so tok kong that I can remove mountains, but don't have love, I am nothing.  And even if I give all my things to feed the poor, and give my body to kena burn, but still don't have love, I am still bo-liao.

 Love eh sai tan and is kind; love won't jealous one; love is not ya ya papaya, is not hao lian;  is not chor lor, won't selfish one, won't angry one, won't think about bad things;  won't be happy when got sin, but will happy when got truth;  tank all things, believe all things, hope all things, tahan all things.

 Love won't fail one. If got prophecies, sure fail one; if got tongues, sure stop one; if got knowledge, sure disappear one.  Because we know things is zi-puah zi-puah one, we prophesy also zi-puah zi-puah.  But when got perfect come liao hor, all the zi-puah zi-puah kind of things no need already.

 When I was geenah that time, I talk macam geenah, I understand things macam geenah, I think also macam geenah; but when I grow up become man already hor, I put all these geenah kind of dai zi away.  Now is macam we see ownself in the mirror but blur blur one. I know things is zi-puah zi-puah, but then I shall know like I am also known.

 Now must follow faith, hope and love, these three things; but the most kiang of the three is love.

  
What can see, hear and touch
 That one beginning have one, you got hear one, you got see one, you see already got look some more and your hand got touch one—ah this one we say is about the Word of life one. The life come out; we got see and testify got, and we say loud loud to you the eternal life, which was with the Lau Peh and got appear to us. We say loud loud to you what we got see got hear, then hor you also can have fellowship with us lah. And our fellowship is with the Lau Peh and with his Kia, Jesus Christ. We write liao then we jin song.

Brudder with Him and fellow brudders
 This one he say one we tell you: God is light; in him black black little bit also don't have. If we gong we got fellowship with him hor then we still gai gai in the black black, then we talk nonsense and do not live out the truth. But if we gai gai in the light, like he in the light, we got fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus, his Kia, make us clean clean from sin lah. Like magiclean...but more tok gong.

 If we gong we bo sin ah, we siao one leh. Bluff ourselves one. Inside no truth sia. But hor if we say we buay sai liao lagi jia lat, he steady one, will forgive us our sins and make us cheng ki from all the not right one. If we say we nothing wrong one, we maciam say he si sua anyhow bluff people and his word is not in us sia.

  
 My sayang gin na, I write this one give you so that you won't anyhow do wrong thing. But if you all got anyhow do wrong thing, we got one peng you with the Lau Peh—Jesus Christ, the Steady One. He is the one who ki chia (actually is ki Cross la) to pay for the things we do sala one, and not only for ours but also for the sins of the long zhong.

Test see you know Him or not
 We know that we confirm know him if we follow what he say. The one say, “I know him,” but never do what he say one is talk rubbish one, and he inside also rubbish one. But if you got obey his word ah, love for God in you is gao gao one. Liddat we know we are in him. You say you live in him means you must live like Jesus.

 Peng you, what I write to you is not a command baru come up one; is actually old old one, gu zha already got hear. This old old command is the message you got hear one. But ah this one also is a new command; its truth in him in you also can see, because the orh orh bo liao and the real light already shine until bright bright.

 If got people say they in the light but then want to hamtam the kor kor, di di, jie jie, or mei mei ah, he still in the orh orh hi peng ah. People who love their kor kor, di di, jie jie, and mei mei, where they stay very bright one, inside nothing to make they all bua doh. But anyone who buay song kor kor, di di, jie jie, or mei mei is in the orh orh and gai gai in the darkness. They walk here walk there also simi ma kua bo, because is orh orh mah. Like shoot bird liddat.

Their Spiritual State
 All the gina, I write give you is because those things you anyhow do until chapalang one kena forgive because of his name. All the lau peh, I write give you,

is because you know him who starting got one.

All the not so lao jiao ah hia ah di, I write give you,

is because the evil one buay tong you already. All the gina, I write give you,

is because you sio pat the Lau Peh.

All the lau peh, I write give you,

is because you know him the starting have one.

All the not so lao jiao ah hia ah di, I write give you,

is because you gao lat,

you got what he say inside you,

the evil one really buay tong you.

Dun anyhow love the world
 Prease hor, don't go and love the world or anything in the world hor. If you love the world ah, buay sai love Lau Peh one. Because ah everything in the world—whether is your ba the lust, your bak jiu the lust, or your life the hao lian—is not Lau Peh come one, but from the world. The world and all this nonsense will si kiao kiao, but you do the will of God you will wan sui wan sui wan wan sui. Jin sui.

Bluff people in the Last Hour
 Sayang gin na, now last minute liao; you also got hear the si lang antichrist ai lai liao, even now got so many si lang antichrist anyhow come one. Liddat we know confirm dia dio is last minute liao. They from us go out one, but actually they not our kaki. Because ah if they are our kaki, they will stay with us; but the zhao go out means they long zhong is not our kaki. Wah lau.

 But you got anointing from the Holy One, and you all very kiang, all know the truth. I write to you is not because you blur like sotong dunno simi si real thing, but is because you know and because truth inside don't have nonsense one. Who is the one bluff people? Is the one who say Jesus is not the Christ la! This kind of people is the pai kia antichrist—bo zheng hu the Lau Peh and the Kia. Those don't believe the Kia one also don't have the Lau Peh; those steady with the Kia also got the Lau Peh.

 Then you ah, you make sure starting you hear that one stay inside you hor. If liddat, you also will stay in the Son and in the Father. This one he sompah to us—live long long.

 This one I write is about those want to make you gai gai halfway kena yi lang one (lost la).  But you ah, the anointing you get from him stay in you, so you no need anybody teach you. But like his anointing teach you about long zhong meng kia and like that anointing is confirm real, not geng one—just like it got teach you, must stay in him.

God’s Gin Na and Sin
 Now ah, sayang gin na, continue in him, so that later he come we can steady steady buay paiseh in front of him.

 If you know that he tok gong, you know that everyone who do the sui sui things is born of him one. Sui!

 Wah you see what kind of love Lau Peh give us, call us children of God leh! That's why the world don't know us, cos it dunno know Him lah.  Sayang, now we are God's gin na; and not yet reveal to us what we going to be, but we know that when He is revealed hor, we confirm will be like Him, cos we will see Him for real.  Everybody that got this hope in Him purifies himself, just like how God is pure.

Sin and the Child of God 
 If you sin ah you also bo zheng hu, and sin is bo zheng hu.  You also know He come is to take away our sins, and in Him got no sin one.  If you steady with God, won't sin one. If you sin, means you never see Him and dunno Him.

 Gin na, don't let people bluff you pls. If you do right things, you are righteous, like God liddat - righteous.  If you sin, you are like the devil, cos he from starting already sin like no tomorrow. Because liddat, that's why the Son of God come la, then He can destroy the devil's things.  Those people born of God won't sin one, cos His seed remains in them; bo kor leng can sin, cos they is born of God.

Why Love Important 
 You see carefully, this is how you can see God's gin na and the devil's gin na: If they anyhow do things, sub sub soi, don't care about righteousness one, means they are not of God. Same also those who don't love their brother.  From the starting you already here that we should love one another,  not like Cain, like devil like that, anyhow go and kill people - own brother some more! Why he kill him leh? Cos Cain's do things sibei evil but his brother one is kilat.

 Brudder, don't chua tio if the world buay song you.  We know that we kena pass from death to life already, cos we love all the brudder. Those who don't love brother one only steady with death.  If you buay song your brother, is like maciam murderer, and you know murderer won't wan sui one.

Liddat Love is Shown 
 Liddat we know love, cos He steady, die for us. So we also must steady, lay down our lives for our brudders.  But if you got good things in this world, and you see your brudder very poor thing, and you shut up your heart from him like one kind bo xim, you tell me where got God's love in you?

 Gin na, we don't just love with words, but our action also must steady.  Like that then we know that we is of truth one, our heart inside steady before Him.  Cos if our heart say we no hope, God is more tok gong than our heart, everything also He know.  Sayang, if our heart don't condemn us, we can steady toward God.  Those things that you ask you will receive from Him, cos you follow His zheng hu do what He say and do those things that He see already happy one.  This one is His commandment: believe Jesus, love one another, like He gave us commandment.

The Spirit of Truth and the Spirit of Error 
 If you follow His commandments you steady with Him, and He also steady with you. Liddat we know that He steady in us, cos got the Spirit that He give us.

Prologue
 Tiagong from Jesus Christ that the revelation which God hor him to preview to his gang lang what gonna happen. He chut his angel to a gang lang called John who say jin eh jin eh, this ish ti kong eh wei and Jesus Christ eh testimony. xiang ah si read this loud loud, will kena blessed. xiang ah si hear this and keep it lai sim duay will kena blessed too because xi kang ai gao liao.

Greetings and Doxology
 ah John, to the seven church of Asia, hor li grace and peace from he who ai lai liao and come from seven spirits before his throne, and from Jesus Christ, who ish the fayfoo(faithful) witness, the first born of si lang, and the emperor of all the kings on earth. to him who ai women and clear our pai seh doings by his blood
